com/zuber/organizeit/examples/TaskDTO.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.examples.TaskDTO
 com.zuber.organizeit.examples.TaskDTO$TaskDTOBuilder
com/zuber/organizeit/controllers/FlashcardsController.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.controllers.FlashcardsController
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/Repository/FlashcardsRepository.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.Repository.FlashcardsRepository
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/ImageReference.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.ImageReference
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/BookReference.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.BookReference
com/zuber/organizeit/configuration/SecurityConf.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.configuration.SecurityConf
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/MultipartTest/InnerTest.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.MultipartTest.InnerTest
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/Flashcard.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.Flashcard
com/zuber/organizeit/controllers/TaskController.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.controllers.TaskController
com/zuber/organizeit/OrganizeitApplication.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.OrganizeitApplication
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/Project.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.Project
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/tests/ExternalEntity.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.tests.ExternalEntity
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/Repository/DecksRepository.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.Repository.DecksRepository
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/User.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.User
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/ReferenceResource.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.ReferenceResource
com/zuber/organizeit/examples/Dir.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.examples.Dir
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/Repository/TaskRepository.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.Repository.TaskRepository
com/zuber/organizeit/controllers/DevController.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.controllers.DevController
com/zuber/organizeit/configuration/WebMvcConf.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.configuration.WebMvcConf
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/RefFileMetadata.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.RefFileMetadata
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/Repository/ReferenceResourcesRepository.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.Repository.ReferenceResourcesRepository
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/Task.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.Task
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.Task$TaskBuilder
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/VideoReference.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.VideoReference
com/zuber/organizeit/configuration/JacksonConf.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.configuration.JacksonConf
com/zuber/organizeit/configuration/MultipartResolverConf.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.configuration.MultipartResolverConf
com/zuber/organizeit/Model/Deck.java
 com.zuber.organizeit.Model.Deck
